[Music]
family that was seen yesterday with the
Eurovision song okay and I think it's going to be
the last song I had commented on today
because I'm hearing my dog
calling me in fact it's
going to get really heavy well yes it's calling me
or is it just my imagination
because you have it open
what's going on I
'm not click yet
but I still don't know where I had go whatever
you want
the move is that yesterday was a resounding
success the performance that channel had was beastly I
mean it was impressive the
girls a [ __ ] spectacle and I'm not
just saying it physically which is also
physically brutal it's also a spectacle
for girls but the
staging the costumes there's the choca theme it
's true thank you very much and yes
the costumes man that costume that costume of
this costume of lights no that costume of
lights
to the attractiveness to the towns to the
beauty was brutal the spectacle the
choreography deserved to have won but
won against Ukraine out of shame because we live
in a society that is going to
[ __ ]
literally we live in a society that is
going to [ __ ] that's what
happened what happened is that
when
approximately  Two months ago I
think it cannot be corrected if I'm wrong
this person was chosen to go to
Eurovision
when this person was chosen to
go to Eurovision
at a festival
if I'm not mistaken and the progressives
we can PSOE and others the left plus the
most radical left wanted intended for me to
go to Eurovision the song is
from the chet action I mean it was a
real song I mean in it he
told it in front of the same
example the same joke on TV to SEO
when I saw Back to the Future
when I saw Back to the Future that
movie from 1984 83 they
put them in 2015 as if
we had in case we were going to have
flying cars
the reality is that we are in 2022 and they
wanted to take to Eurovision a song
with a pamphlet of half a
churra it was going to something for the leaves
greetings from NJ a hug thank you very much
friends remember everyone that if you
want to become a member it is fixed on
the kids
wanted to take this ridiculous thing be it is a
song that was to have and fear of our
tits and now 230 giants  on the
screen like this and I'm coming and the
choreography was let's divide and the press
opens really a spectacle a
very embarrassing spectacle a
very regrettable spectacle but
whatever and the ridiculous thing happened at
Eurovision apart from the fact that we've already
done it for many years they cooled off
when we took Chikilicuatre man that
's serious there will be artists in Spain man
so I think Spain in the cradle
of art
how many artists and how many people will there be
to take to Eurovision that you take me
to Chikilicuatre
the clowns are the clowns of the world
of Europe not of the world the clowns of the
world are we don't have enough with
a president making a fool of himself with
a president who doesn't even know his
name and they ignore him calling him Antonio
Sanchez a president who starts
chasing the
president of the United States down a hallway so that
his camera records him running and saying that he
has met with the president of the
United States
Ramona sang that song yes yes it's
literal if they are the same type of
people it's that for those people the song
we are afraid of our  of these the
song was like feminist that I don't
understand look at the end what it was
claiming was that they shouldn't go little that the
woman's breasts couldn't be exposed like the man's breasts
and I don't know if someone can explain to me
exactly what it is that it is
supposed to claim that the
rights of women were claiming is
I am an ascetic there really please well
obviously it didn't win at the
Benidorm festival to breastfeed
we are afraid of our
fears it's
not like now what they have with the
issue of sick leave for the pain of the
period and it's like let's see
if you feel bad that already exists
having fatigue with a lot of pain that you ca
n't move you're not going to work no
if you have a menstrual problem that they
always make you feel bad every time I
had my period listen well the same thing you have to
go to the doctor to see what happens
obviously you can take the days those
are some things let's see if these
four years end now they are going to go to hell
we can PSOE it's not going to be a joke and well
obviously because of the festival
they chose so  go to this girl who I
already told you is spectacular in every
way
spectacular in every way but
in every way
what is happening that when this
girl won for Eurovision
we can make a mess that is shitty and all the
spokesmen of the left made a mess that is
shitty
but a mess that is shitty
that it was unfair that she had to and this that
we live in a sexist society that is
in that she was not going to win that she was going to finish
last last
night when they saw
no Javi in ​​the period you are wrong
maybe Hugo if you can go can you
enlighten me I would appreciate it and explain it to me
please
the painful period that one in
ten women suffers and it is very serious there was no
such justification for sick leave that is why the
majority of doctors are in favor of this
law but I understand that if it hurts you
if it hurts you as if there is no such
justification that you have to go to
work or if it hurts me I understand that it does not
exist I ask I ask it
is from ignorance
when comes night that the girl has
devastated because that has  I'm devastated, I'm
left-wing and very critical of the government,
but this law was necessary.
If I had to go to work and put up with it,
but that can't be, it's inhumane,
son, how is that maternity
leave not going to exist?
Imagine, of course they're going to leave women
without jobs with that measure, of course,
imagine, imagine. It's true, it's very
counterproductive. Yes, yes,
yes, let's
see, I imagine that more or less you
can put up with it, it's like everything else, I mean,
jobs, unfortunately, when
I was sick for many years I didn't know I had
chrome, okay, but we're not going to
debate this, we're not going to talk about those
at Chanel, but for example, I
had a lot of stomach pains on my
sides, many years before
I knew I had chrome, and there were
times when I had to leave because I wasn't feeling well,
okay, I couldn't
hold on, and there were times when we put up with it,
many times there are people who have these
ways of keeping their jobs, and
even when I'm sick, or many times,
putting up with it,
I'm to each their own. I mean, it was like that.
At my job, I had to be very, very,
very sick to  leave work then
I imagine that each person
will manage that as if you can make it
through the day however it may be because it's one day
and if maybe
[Music]
and
if you can't make it you leave I imagine
no
but I don't know really I'm talking about
knowledge and not having your period hurts
but you can make progress but
painful periods are a super hard issue my
little sister suffers from it if you want one
day her ball or arms like I
understand that if it's very painful then you
leave that day
if they catch you at work those hours it's that I do
n't know if it will always hurt for
a day for two during that time but
if a law is passed if a law is passed
we are already entering into a debate
that I don't know but if a law is passed
in which women who can give I do
n't know how that will go not if you have a
certificate whatever it is that proves that
you have that there will
even be people who take advantage
of this to get into trouble
[Music]
like what would the word be let's
see if in the end it will be a
counterproductive thing for women because there
are many people who are  reluctant to
hire women and sometimes they are going to get
pregnant there is that I don't know what I imagine
each person understands but I
understand that there will be something that calms your
pain I don't ask it is from
ignorance of course it is I
understand that there will be something that takes away that takes
away the pain
imagine that they hire me and they know that
four days a month you work of course of course
but I imagine that there will be something with which you
can get by with the pain you can't
last the day that one because I imagine that it
will be a day or two I know people
who have a bad time for a day
or a few hours a see me but I imagine
that there will be something that calms it that
controls it that keeps going knowing
that each one of us has our
things and people who suffer from migraines there are
people who suffer you know so
personally in the jobs I have
always been always to last it is
lasting in the jobs in all things I
tried to make the low lights I tried to make
the low
powers the way that I have been
educated I tried to make the lows be
or
had to be it is that I couldn't
in impossible let's go
and no with this I want to take weight off the  that it
hurts what it doesn't hurt but the thing is that
jobs children are the jobs the
jobs of taking care of him the self in the form
of education that commanded me the
half way of had a soul gross consumption okay
but it's always like that for me that's why I've always
maintained with the last job that I
was on leave state 13 13
years or rather between super young and
state 13 years okay but I imagine that
the people who suffer with that I
imagine that they will be
looking for the doctor will be
giving them something to
know to take it maybe not a
sick leave but the best thing is to
know that there is a day a month that I go through it there
will be he
tells me something about burning let's
see the majority of the times in which the
period is very very painful that yes there are
cases it is usually because there is a pathology
behind but the thing is that in many cases
people do not go to the specialist to look
further they take an ibuprofen or they go to the
family doctor and they give them a rest of
two or three days and they do not investigate further
because many people assume that
the period has to be that
painful not a normal period that does not
have any type  It doesn't
have to be that painful or it's
a moderate pain that can be relieved
with an anti-inflammatory. When it's
very painful there is a pathology behind it,
so the solution here shouldn't
be a sick leave, which
many people are going to take advantage of because let's
see how to quantify pain in front of a
doctor
and that money should be invested in
more research and in people who
really have pathologies, classify them with
abilities or as disabilities
so that they can have some help, that's how it is,
but well, I see that spin as
counterproductive because it is similar to the
left of this country, the one we have now, look at
what I have, they are applying it in television, the CEO,
I have many thoughts that are
very pro-left, exemplary, right to
women, right to Lomba, I thought this
was only in Mexico that they had just
promoted but it's very good here in the
third world, not even in the emergency room do they
attend to it and I have had to see coworkers
cry at work and since they
don't give disability insurance they
have to put up with it,
as I was saying, but the
left that we have here in this
inn is very ridiculous and they are always looking for the
work as little as possible on a straw
over here on the other wall and it's over
there the other one
is that it is tremendous and I really is
always the one fighting for the rights of the
most discriminated against
always fighting for the greatest injustices
but what there is here is what there is
here it is a leftist joke
to deserve
being unaware of the pain of a
period unaware of such but for
example I have the chrome it gives you
pains many times that are incredible
crying in the bathroom is increasing we
debate winning the issue of the extract but
well
crying in the bar in the bathroom grabbing onto
things because crying and I had that
illness well I was and the day that
I was at work that the best thing was
a 23 month scholarship because I wasn't
treating myself because you don't know I had it until I
got a strong line of my
admission
I endured the day of work today it
would be [ __ ] great if there was a law
that would accredit you that you four days a
month you will miss
look at you look at the number of people with
intentions that there are here in this country in
this country not in  this society of
people who would say I
know more than one colleague who would say
that they have the malicious rule
that was created with the good intention
of helping a person who has it
but I know a lot of people who would
use it wrong I know a lot of
colleagues who would say they changed my gender and I have
the malicious rule or rather
I really understand that each case
for each case each person for their job has such a thing I for example at my job well I knew that a colleague for example who had migraines well when he got it my boss knew that hey the migraine so and so he locked himself in the dark in such and such if he had to go he would
go or we would take him these are things that
more or less when you know yourself and you have
confidence because you do your
job and you are happy with yourself you know well these are
things that people already accept about
you and your boss accepts that you have a
pathological problem you have something
because in exchange he does a job for you and you
deliver on other occasions and he knows that
maybe you get sick once a day
because you have a pathology once a
month because you have a pathology but
then the rest of the goals  top
returns it in another way you know but here is
that I always see an
intention of paquita an intention of
sayés how life does not rise like this
the world does not rise if the world is
not such but I understand each one and
with all the empathy for all the
women who suffer it and that is because
I know people who when they feel
bad and are on their period well they get
a lot of pain and get very bad and
there you are worth but I do
not think it is a good idea I am wrong
but I do not think it is a good idea and well
the fact was that chanel has triumphed it
has swept the girls the girls a
visual spectacle is a
musical spectacle it is a spectacle in every
sense it is a spectacle in every
sense and now suddenly what
the progressive land and twitter problems do
okay the voices of the progressive voices of
twitter are
not only suddenly change their
jackets and swerve but they
want to make them their own after all the mess they
made and how they acted when
the girl was chosen any
aspect that prevents you from working is a loss
thank you very much to the painted
I know what my  low that you become a
member you have pinned in the chat right now to
have a pinned comment that is
for members is only worth 90 cents
a month that's less than any
Netflix Amazon subscription of
whatever 90 cents a month of which to
me between doing Spain and between
YouTube of which I will get 10 or
20 cents but with that I have a
cushion
so I know that if I get sick for a
week I can continue living from what I do
family is incredible and they have
even taken a tweet from two or three years ago
from Chanel in which I criticized boxing or
said that I didn't like boxing they
took that to take the girl as
if she were on their turf and that the girl
is the best and is so successful because she
is against boxing okay what I really
think about why the left
is so afraid of boxing and defames
von Dangel so much thank you very much because you
can the critic or rather there was always the
typical pique between PSOE and PP each one
brings out the bad guys in the other  but what I
see them doing with boxing is that
many urban legends are told on the street,
racist, homophobic, sexist, it goes against
all human rights, I mean, they are, they
are very criminals, those from Bornos or they go, let's go
if word gets out, we're all going to die
because none of us are going to have rights,
neither women nor animals, nobody is going to
have the right, I mean, they are
urban legends that later you ask
people but well, it goes against
women's rights because and you don't get a holy
answer, at times, many times
the polls are you from Rome, Gallardo,
otherwise and it is because the spokespersons, those who are in
charge of giving voice to the
radical left in social networks and so on,
well, strong to our hoaxes, they release this, they are
sowing this image, this
bad image so that people,
especially older people who do not
usually inform themselves that they are raised today it
began it is for working people and pp
for the rich, that has been heard on the
street a thousand times from
grandparents that is for humble people
for working people PSOE sir
please let's read it, we are going to read it,
not the  candidacies let's read what
each one proposes and how they comply or don't
comply every time something is touched
but the problem they have with box and
why so much fear and why so much
intention in sowing this flame the
image is because vox is going to cut
has the idea of ​​​​cutting off at the root
chiringuitos that they have set up straws
chiringuitos of English an association
here is
this because outside you know and it is the fears
and the impetus and the interest entails those
who are putting so much interest and
put so much
impetus you know against this party
because they are fighting for their peace
on their part and after this
political rally I want to say that I do not
like many of the things of voices and
many of the things that they propose and
many of the things that are in their
campaign but within the four that I have to
choose my son my son before than before than
before laws ok before laws and
before the ridiculousness of sanchez and before that
sometimes the four I have to choose you
have to choose okay and the truth is I think that
would fix quite a lot because here we have quite a few things
Iván Espinoza de Los
Monteros okay, as he shares news
from the Benidorm festival okay, united
we can take the election system to Congress,
three workers' commissions came and
demanded that management
repeal the effect, in other words,
the votes were no longer valid, it was no longer valid that the girl
had won. No, no, no,
repeal the designation of Chanel because
the one with the tits song had to go
because the most progressive thing we could
present is a [ __ ] disgrace okay, and
look at Unity We Can, what was playing yesterday,
enormous Channel, this performance with which she
made the space vibrate, the stadium
deserves Spain 10 points, let's go Eurovision,
jumping on the bandwagon and since she has
followers and has a hall, people who
vote for our party, the people who
follow me, I
go there, many don't realize the
things they don't want to give them
because they're like goddesses and you swallow this
after what they did in January, it's that they
have
nothing very fine,
Moncho Borrajo posted this tweet, I
propose that this photo, photos, okay, be
put on the facade of the Ministry of
Equality for the success of a
working woman. No, what I propose is that  there should be
no ministry of equality what
I propose is that there should be no
ministry of equality,
not without fail 500 million euros so
that they can say what they want and so that they can paint the
benches purple it hurts me it really hurts me
when they take away half or
more than half of what we generate okay they
don't take away
javi don't say leftist ideas because
the things that you're saying are
human ideas right now I mean I
mean I have many ideas
that right-wing people are not supposed to
have that idea we fight for those things
and it's a hoax and what are the look look look look
will see Ignacio Escobar the jury of
Chanel's victory against the
popular vote that supported two
much better songs ay mamá y terra ay mamá
in the one about hay mamá in the one about tits
okay what decision is worth two better songs I mean
two much better songs
mother you have me listen to the
song about the tit go look for it man
real rigoberta bowler hat and in ten
years we will still be listening to ay mamá y
tierra just like we will remember the
sexual revolution of the blue house my goodness
gerardo tc is one of the most pathetic people there is
in se vive one of the most pathetic people there
is on twitter okay the jury has
decided to
finish second to last in eurovision
applause well
then once again we are taking to
eurovision a song that no one will
remember the next day i do
n't know if it is because of cowardice or mediocrity
but the jury has chosen a
plasticized product of those that are produced in
series rather than other innovative options
we could have roots so chung you will eirás or pride pride
or pride
feminine pride rigoberta representing
spain my goodness we have plastic
my goodness
gerardo ts the nostradamus of
social criticism if he is a genius I mean he is a genius okay
spoiler spain I mean but faithful your super
super angry because I wanted a
feminist quote in his song is we know that or
that he has men and you're telling me
that you're going to bring me a ridiculous song
if you're telling me that you're going to bring
a piece of [ __ ] from the vision well maybe I
understand your anger but the anger is
because they want their case are a quote from
the  mushrooms
and the girls dancing in place, I mean, I've
seen the choreography, they don't have
choreography, it's like I'm like me at the
beginning of the live shows, it's somewhat
ridiculous, it's like that, I mean, it's like
me starting the live show, the
same art, okay, I mean, lamentable, lamentable,
look at this, okay,
the world's newspaper, the same
journalist Eduardo Álvarez, okay, Chanel to
Eurovision, what a mistake, what a big mistake,
and the same journalist today,
blessed are you, Chanel among all
women,
and he doesn't care because the people who follow
and don't care because these people,
well, it's the same, he doesn't care what
we've seen before, no,
this title has erased the plural, the
plural, I've already talked about the plural in
many live shows, okay, the plural is a
[ __ ] newspaper that is disgusting, I mean, but
literally disgusting, it's a
defamatory newspaper, okay, it's a newspaper that only gives
news
when it suits them, okay,
when they condemn in the first instance
someone who is critical of the
ridiculous left that we have today,
we make 800 headlines when in the
second instance, in the third instance, that
person releases and wins the trial and
condemns Irene Montero to pay the
costs,
no  They publish the news, it's a newspaper that,
well, they've done that on the judicial issue
and they've done it many times,
I know the one they came up with that I'll
tell you about, but with one about a case that's
archived,
and then a case that
a case is archived, well because
justice archives the case, why not, why
not, and then the Diamente case
was over there that has been reopened and not
a single news item is made, but of course it depends
on the contacts you have at the
newspaper, both are the tweet, but if
I'm not mistaken,
if I'm not mistaken, the tweet was a
plural news item where they did what
we said, they didn't do it like they celebrated
a tweet from Chanel from like two years ago,
although in which it said that it's not
sure what it was waiting for, is who
[Music]
I'm not going to be mistaken, I'm
not going to be mistaken,
the team that I knew wasn't going to help me,
here this is the tweet, okay, no box is not
Spain, in 2020, two years ago, knowing this
girl who will have already ended up like this, she hasn't
changed her mind because of the treatment from the
left these days, these two months
of conversion, or four or five  months
okay
but apart from that what does it matter now why didn't you
post this tweet in January because it didn't
have any feminist songs anymore and look at
what's coming back to life to do its
own thing yes yes the girls a success the
girls
overwhelming the girls the best but
realize it's ours of
ours
there but I want to recover the
plural headline it was something about was
something about dancing with homosexuals
which
is that it couldn't be done until closing the
twitter account immigrant
look look look look look look look look let's
see if you see them apologize for
this wait chanel the immigrant who
dances with homosexuals and who doesn't shut up
in front of the box
okay the immigrant who dances with
homosexuals and who doesn't shut up in front of the box they've
changed the headline
if you see the headline when you click on it they've
changed it
this is the left
this is the newspaper power half the
headline they've changed it
says she has always raised her voice against the
extreme right look at you the girl who
maybe today wouldn't think the
same but they already make it theirs you know
the extreme right
knows
but  look at you they had to on top of
deleting the hate, no also the
headline delete it because you still
come up here to the link you are not going to
see it with the viewers but if they see you
in the link the headline still appears
okay chanel the immigrant who dances with
homosexuals does not shut up box
dazzles europe in eurovision
delete the hate
delete it
vera vera you have
moved us you have made us dream
of victory we have touched it by
all jumping on the bandwagon gave the weight and
criticizes that it is loin song for
eurovision refers to prostitution and
rtve reveals that it is reflecting
look at what you put now look at what I put what I
said in my day to day life
hahahahaha
the cheese
simply the same as always the same as
always
you have also jumped on the bandwagon sabino
porno jumped on the bandwagon he was not
throwing [ __ ] at the channel in January nor
asking for it being asked that it was not
valid
that they were not valid for eurovision
jumping on the bandwagon would be something else than the
[ __ ] activity and then he backed down
but the same as always in family so they
are always the same
sigesal is always worth it
[Music]